Masc2023 add prm (#755)
eclipse-score/score: docs/process/process_areas/problem_resolution/problem_resolution_workflow.rst

   correctness.

   The :need:`Committer <rl__committer>` may still reject it, thus the status is set to "rejected".

   The author of the Problem Report may cancel it, thus the status is set to "rejected".

.. workflow:: Close Problem Resolution
   :id: wf__problem__close_pr
   :status: valid
   :tags: problem_resolution, wf
   :responsible: rl__committer
   :approved_by: rl__technical_lead, rl__module_lead
   :supported_by: rl__safety_manager, rl__security_manager, rl__quality_manager
   :input: wp__issue_track_system, wp__prm_plan
   :output: wp__issue_track_system
   :contains: gd_temp__problem__template, gd_chklst__problem__cr_review, gd_guidl__problem__problem
   :has: doc_concept__problem__process, doc_getstrt__problem__process

   The Problem Resolution is closed.

   The Problem Resolution is closed only, if the implementation is sufficient. That is verified
   by the :need:`Committer <rl__committer>` finally.

   Otherwise the :need:`Committer <rl__committer>` keeps the status "in implementation".

RAS(IC) for Problem Resolution:
*******************************

.. needtable:: RASIC Overview for Problem Resolution
   :tags: problem_resolution

>    :filter: "problem_resolution" in tags and "wf" in tags

Reviewer: You can use type here like so: 
```suggestion
   :filter: "problem_resolution" in tags and type == "workflow"
```

The type is always the 'top' thing in the metamodel. So for example: 
```
  workflow:
    title: "Workflow"
    prefix: "wf__"
    mandatory_options:
     ....
     
```
Here the 'type' is `workflow` not `wf` . If you use that to filter for types then those filters work :) . 
Tested locally.

Author: changed as proposed

..
   # *******************************************************************************
   # Copyright (c) 2025 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
   #
   # See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
   # information regarding copyright ownership.
   #
   # This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
   # terms of the Apache License Version 2.0 which is available at
   # https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   #
   # SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
   # *******************************************************************************

Workflow Problem Resolution
###########################

.. workflow:: Create/Analyze Problem
   :id: wf__problem__cr_an_problem
   :status: valid
   :tags: problem_resolution
   :responsible: rl__contributor
   :approved_by: rl__committer
   :supported_by: rl__technical_lead, rl__module_lead, rl__safety_manager, rl__security_manager, rl__quality_manager
   :input: wp__issue_track_system, wp__prm_plan
   :output: wp__issue_track_system

>    :contains: gd_temp__problem__template, gd_chklst__problem__cr_review, gd_guidl__problem__problem, gd_req__problem__attr_uid

Author: removed

   :has: doc_concept__problem__process, doc_getstrt__problem__process

   The Problem is created.

   For creating the Problem template must be used.

   To start review and analyis the Problem status is changed to "in review". Until the template is
   not filled out properly, the Problem may be set back to “open” from the
   [Committer (rl__committer)].

   If the problem shall be resolved, the Problem status is set to "in implementation", Otherwise
   to "rejected".

   The [Contributor (rl__contributor)] may cancel it, thus the status is set to "cancelled".

.. workflow:: Initiate/Monitor Problem resolution
   :id: wf__problem__ini_mon_problem
   :status: valid
   :tags: problem_resolution
   :responsible: rl__contributor
   :approved_by: rl__committer
   :supported_by: rl__technical_lead, rl__module_lead, rl__safety_manager, rl__security_manager, rl__quality_manager

>    :input: wp__issue_track_system

Author: added

   :output: wp__issue_track_system

>    :contains: gd_temp__problem__template, gd_chklst__problem__cr_review, gd_guidl__problem__problem, gd_req__problem__attr_uid

Author: removed
